#summary Frequently Asked Qestions
#labels Featured

=Frequently Asked Qestions=
----

*How can I set custom colors for the background and foreground of the task list?*

Create the following keys in the registry (`HKCU\Software\DaProfik\tMan`):
   * `ClrMenuBg [DWORD]`: color of the task list background.
   * `ClrMenuFg [DWORD]`: color of the task list text.
   * `ClrMenuHiBg [DWORD]`: color of the hilight bar background of the task list.
   * `ClrMenuHiFg [DWORD]`: color of the hilight bar text of the task list.
   Color format is the following: 0xBBGGRR (hex). Thus, if you want a blue text, insert 0xFF0000 (hex) for `ClrMenuFg`.

*How do I disable the soft-reset confirmation dialog?*

Create a registry key `ConfirmSoftReset [DWORD]` in `HKCU\Software\DaProfik\tMan` and set its value to `0` (zero).

*I do not want WM5 styled buttons on my WM5 device. How can I switch to old styled buttons?*

Create a registry key `OldStyleButton [DWORD]` in `HKCU\Software\DaProfik\tMan` and set its value to `1` (one).

*How can I disable the tMan's dot in top bar?*

Create a registry key `ShowDot [DWORD]` in `HKCU\Software\DaProfik\tMan` and set its value to `0` (zero).

*How to make !WiFi On/Off work?*

You need !WiFi device name. Look for it in `HKLM\Comm` (mine is for example `TIACXWLN1`, but YMMV).

Create a registry key named `WiFiDevice [STRING]` in `HKCU\Software\DaProfik\tMan` and set its value to the name you have found in the previous step.

*Alt+F4 is not working for me.*

This feature had pretty nasty side-effects, so it was removed...

*!WiFi On/Off is working for me, but after soft-reset, it does not work any more, unless I use the built-in plugin for !WiFi from my OEM.*

Yes. This is known behavior. I tried to fix this problem, but with no success. I do not know the source of this problem. If you do, let me know.